# Planning out the game
**Author: Group**  
**Date: 14 05 2019** (and beyond)  

For our group project, we had a large number of potential ideas.  However, we had trouble agreeing on something that we could work together on.  Because of this, we decided that we should just make everyone's game
## Potential Games
###   JRPG
One of our potential ideas was a JRPG.  We quickly decided not to create this game for a multitude of reasons.  While they are not too difficult to program for, designing the gameplay and balancing it is ***VERY*** difficult.  
#### Pros
- Not too hard to program
#### Cons
- Hard to balance
- Boring 
### Unity terrain game[^1]
Another potential idea that we had was a Unity based terrain game.  This idea was immediately disregarded as a bad idea.  Unity terrain games are easy to create, but they are also very boring to play.  
#### Pros
- Easy to code
#### Cons
- Boring
- Unoriginal
- Half the class is going to do it
- George would probably break my nose if we did
### Tower defense
One promising idea that we had was a tower defense game, inspired by [Bloons Tower Defense](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bloons_Tower_Defense).  The aim of our game is to stop a swarm of enemies from reaching the end of a path.  Creating this game will potentially be difficult to code, but should be achievable within the given timeframe.  This idea was granted and added to our list of minigames to create.
#### Pros
- A good amount of gameplay
- Interesting challenge
#### Cons
- Potentially difficult to code
### Space Shooter
Another idea we created was a space shooter game, simillar to games such as [Galaga](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Galaga) and the [Touhou Project](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Touhou_Project).  In this game you would control a ship, dodging a barrage of bullets and shooting down other ships.  The aim is to create challenging levels and bosses, simillar to the difficulty of the games from the Touhou Project.  The biggest concern of creating this game is the large amount of work that is required.  While the gameplay is relatively simple, creating a clean and modular gameplay engine can take a long time; but could potentally be achieved.  This game was approved to be deveoped on.
#### Pros
- Good amount of gameplay
- Fun to play
- Challenging to create
#### Cons
- Time consuming to develop 
- Possibly too challenging
- Game may be too hard for some people

### Move rightwards at a constant velocity and occasionally jump to dodge obstacles such as spikes and blocks: The Game

Yet another idea for a minigame was a game simillar to the smash hit mobile game [Geometry Dash](https://store.steampowered.com/app/322170/Geometry_Dash/).  We were extremely inspired by its simplicity.  Georg write stuf
### Stop the Boats: Blitz!
After cancelling the Space Shooter game, we needed another idea for a game.  Our group brainstormed for ideas and we decided to create a sequel to ["Stop the Boats!"](https://gitlab.com/byhemechi/boatstopper), a game created by George Fischer.  It was a game where you had to defend Australia from the tyrannical crusaders from Flevn.  We felt that the original game had much unexplored potential and we could create a much greater experience.  
#### Pros
- Fun gameplay
- Not too challenging to make

### Dino Guy
As a final project, we decided to assign Finley to create a quick and simple game.  He decided to make a game based off the Chrome Offline Dinosaur Game.  We chose this because its simplicity made it easy to make in a short period of time.
#### Pros
- Simple
- Very quick to create
#### Cons
- Too simple

  [^1]: Just no 